Docs: Add autocapture properties (#6316)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/autocapture.mdx

Disabling autocapture **will not disable session recording**. You can disable session recording using `disable_session_recording` or by turning it off in your project's settings.

## Autocaptured properties

> Autocaptured events (and client-side custom events) have a number of properties that are automatically added to them. These are distinguished by `$` prefix in their name, the PostHog logo next to them in the event explorer, and the verified event logo in the [data management tab](https://app.posthog.com/data-management/properties). These properties can be hidden in the event explore by checking the "Hide PostHog properties" box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autocaptured events (and client-side custom events) have a number of default properties. These are distinguished by `$` prefix in their name, the PostHog logo next to them in the event explorer, and the verified event logo in the [data management tab](https://app.posthog.com/data-management/properties). These properties can be hidden in the event explorer by checking the "Hide PostHog properties" box.
```
